but where is that little brother of today?
this rhythm
the clock went in the morning believed but
never understand they sleep again and again
too early it 's dawn you know what time
I'm
I do n't know patino our director is not
what a pity it works
let's see if I can fix it there it
our old papa future watch is
asked they called already co.co.co
because inside there is a little wooden bird
which is called cuckoo but I do it the
coke now never seen because it gives so much that
this watch is loaded that
he was waiting for a few minutes and now
let's pass that they have papas as possible
the more charge you want then the rule is
the correct
it's almost 9 in the morning or in now
with come out come out to those who move the
head back and forth and when
beats wings like that
and then many incubus episodes because it is
nice silly iorgi you just got
lost the cube, I sang my own net
it was beautiful so it is certain that all of them
together there's no reason Giorgio
quiet next time I would see it
you too have to wait a while
here with comes out to disappear
canyon to a wait so boring
passed today come can replay love
giorgio does not want to go out to
play prefers to wait
missing a few minutes to 10
george aspect has been little for almost an hour
from the games come and play Mr.
dinosaur really wants to play with
you
george took it for his account again
I am the author george lucas wants
play that I will call just before that
the heart outlines of take the show
missing a few minutes to 11
I would not want losers moon travolta nicolò
giorgio at the course so nice george likes
much chasing each other and scoring points
now it is evening and then george has a lot
only in days they fell asleep but
let's see now it is a friend
it seems that the municipality is so beautiful
he also useful just like the giorgia
good cats goodnight little games i
I know how to heal the cuckoo I remember
with this I know call
mom and dad are already asleep
what i'm fine i have to show you one
beautiful thing we managed to heal